#441 Final
In this final assingment, I ran into some issues with the way I had originally intended to go with on this idea. My initial plan was to use HTML5 along with
potentially some jQuery to create an interactable section of Tetris pieces that the user could rotate and move with their keyboard. Unfortunately, after
a few days of trying, I couldn't get the effect I wanted. In order to create the pieces, I had made them by drawing several different squares and placing them
together in the script. I could get the user to control the pieces, however, the look they gave made them seem to be just as I had made them, many separate pieces
instead of one entire piece, as they would move essentially one after the other. After that idea, I decided to simplify by making the images of the pieces in Photoshop, and then using the browser to be able to interact with them and rotate them. I wrote some code into Java that made it so I could click on the "Next Image" button and have it loop back around to the first image after reaching the end of the selection, and for rotating the pieces it was largely similar.  The logic I used was an if statement that checked if the current selection (or rotation) was above (or below) a certain amount, based on the length of the array holding the information. If it wasn't, then the code proceeded as normal and a counter was applied to track the amounts. If it was, then the code would then reset the counter back at the beginning (or end) of the array. Overall, I had fun with this assignment and tried to include as much as I felt was necessary to give an idea of Tetris, but not so much as to become simply a wall of text.
